## Decoupled View
* The files we need to send along for only the views to compile are the files within the view package. These files include: IGUIView, GUIView, IView, and View. These files are simply the interfaces and the implementations for the view itself.
* Each of these four files are necessary for the view to work because IGUIView and IView are the interface files for our two views and GUIView and View are the implementations of our two views. No other files are necessary because the views are not constructed with a model or a controller and instead the controller handles all the connections between the view and the model.

## Decoupled Controller
* The files we need to send along for the Controller to compile start with the interfaces and implementations for the controllers themselves. This includes IController, IGUIController, Controller, and GUIController. The user must also send the interfaces from the Model and View. These include IModel, IModelState, IProject, ILayer, IPixel, FilterOptions, IView, and IGUIView. Lastly, the ImageUtil class must also be sent along with the files listed above. 
* The interfaces and implementations from the Controller package are necessary in order for the Controller to be sent because they design and establish the behavior of the Controller. The model interfaces are sent in order for the Controller to be able to update the model accordingly upon user input. These interfaces contain the functionality of the Model and for that reason it is a necessity for the Controller to have these files. The View interfaces must be sent so that the Controller can update the View to display changes to the model. The View interfaces contain the functionality of the View and it is a must for the Controller to have the IView and IGUIView to communicate with the View. Lastly, it is essential that the ImageUtils class is passed in as this class has File I/O functionality that the Controller needs to parse different images and files.
